Music Game:
-Problem Statement: How do I create a game/toy which gives the player the feeling of creating a masterpiece of music and conduction an emotional and exciting story?

Ideas: 
1. platformer with randomly generated monsters and terrain based on performance/player choice (goes with linear nature of reading sheet music left to right)
2. Musical qualities mapped to player avatar actions
3. Enemies create dischordance/emptiness in sound
4. Player manipulates world and a hero reacts and creates the music (players manipulate the music like a conductor but hero takes care of making the sound sound good)
5. Mix of 1 and 2, where player simueltaneously controls elements of the world along with the player avatar themselves.

Problems:
1. What if this mode of gameplay is too open... what if players do not feel like they have a steady goal (see flOw and Journey for this)
2. What if technological/mathematical constraints prevent simplified improvization?
3. What is the theme of the game?
4. What aesthetic style? (I want it to be fairly abstract in coloring and features but still have definite, if dynamic, forms... a visual representation of music/sound)
5. The player avatar could be a direct manifestation of the melodic line, whereas enemies/allies other lifeforms that are animate and intelligent represent countermelodies that the player doesn't immediately have direct control over... the various environmental aspects of the world rperesent the chords/ambience/meter of the music (the player may have some control over this)
6. See above, how do we balance melodic direct control and ambient/meter control??? This may be difficult think of how we could do this gameplay mechanic wise.

Player has ability to subconsciously change difficulty of the game/world through changing meter/keys/scales/difficulty of musical runs/etc. and this will affect how monsters approach him and antagonize him. 


-Anthem and Misplaced Orchestra have the same feel... why is this?


-Progress Rock venture bros music surrealistic art and awesomeness inspired by that venture bros episode where Dean listens to progressive rock 




-Does the player save the voice of beauty and team up with it to defeat?
			.OR.
-does the player learn and master his own robotic voice and is okay with that?
			.DAMN.
-This shit man. this shit is like deep and shit man.




-Rhythm mess-ups lower your defense...
